what to train a dog tasty
pet shop or simple sausage
train need to burn short
blocks because you are not a mane dog
active here and these classes and they
get bored quickly and you can't let that happen
that here we are and we gave rest here it is
runs with perseus rejoices so let's
will return the team to lay on emphasize
in the moment when he became quite
wooden and he wanted to lie down and even
did not want to head for food to lower legs
i like i know very well i am straight
I feel I feel that he is tired of this
process and no goodies are needed
whether heat can be more delicious
delicacy could play its good
the role of russian or cheese i can
assume for the dog
unconditioned cheese or sausage sausage
is a more delicious delicacy but I
I do not know what I can be sure and give
dog these things
what you have any objections first
the vet said that to him by
can not surrender
that for him it is very good well it
serious argument opinion of the vet
honestly but i heard a lot of that
dogs, in principle, Smirnov days
it is advisable to believe in this
or Gorbachev to talk about what is not
let's them the worst
although she
trolls analysis came just the same with
slices of cheese
I was told not to take an example well yes to me
like you
then see if you use feed
which is not very tasty for a dog then
eat dry and here it is from the pet store
so -called snacks mean dog
should be either more hungry or you
should be more competent and technical
or you need to build the whole scheme
learning is very very consistent
breaking into the smallest small stages
so that learning goes very easy and simple
once you have a good one
motivational object is good zhrachka
you can make mistakes dog all
Equal will work or you can
skip some stages anyway
strong dog motivation can work
of course work and dry food if
the vet said dogs dog
which is allergic
no questions but it's so myasko
well this is not a dry food that feeds
dog he's just dry un in himself
anyway less interesting dogs than
sausages for
and this never wimp I myself
sausages and dogs will not pick them
because you are watching rats paper mages
I fully support you just the result
what are our conversations that yes good you
train your dog with these
yummy from the store you then
should just very consistently and
properly and accurately train the dog
that's all as an occupation lasts enough
for a long time yes it’s like these goodies
which
they are well from one pack yes that is only
one same kind
only sweets take a long time
maybe i think it will be an option if i
I will have at least a few tastes and
several kinds of brother that he threw
yes you can and one listen to one
softer there can there what dried
easy or liver there happens too such
cubes but their millions of such nyashek can
be right brother a few tastes and not
passed well well, in general, the result is clear
let's have a break now
let's get to work with me